I think that overall this project went relatively well considering that notcurses has very little documentation, which was the largest difficulty with the project. Despite this I was able to figure it out and I believe that I used some smart applications of the library, like creating a seperate plane for each cell so that it could be updated in real time without affecting the other tiles, like if it were one large plane. Although I still don't 100% understand some things about notcurses, like the tile and background colors sometimes not working as they seem they should, I understand the important parts like the planes and coordinate system.

I think that this project also helped me understand a bit about game/ui design in the fact that seperating visual components from logic components is important and helps to make the code more readable. I think I did this part ok but I feel that certain componenets like having the logic for revealing tiles, and ending the game somehow engrained into the main loop instead of being activated by the controls function, as I feel that this made both the controls function slightly confusing but also made the main loop a bit small as it only checks for controls and then redraws the board.

Another specific area where I felt I couldn've done better was in the custom size prompts and the hud that displays the flag and mine count. These parts were put directly into the main function because they were made after the majority of the proect, specifically where I wouldv'e put them instead, like the createMinesweeperGrid or mainMenu functions. This lead to the main function seeming slightly bloated but also kind of chopped up which I believe slightly reduces the readability of the code.

Overall the project was a great learning opportunity, both for ui and "game" design in general, but also in learning a new library that doesn't have that much documentation, which I could see having to do in a real programming job. I think if I were to do it again I would firstly learn fully how notcurses works through maybe a trial project or something so that I could start planning with that in mind and then organize the general code much better. Although that would also take much more time just to plan out the project. I would also just have a much more specific plan of what I was going to do, for example, I just kind of figured I would make the main menu and then go to the game and didn't think much about transferring that data to the actual game and it led to slightly sloppy code. I did the same thing with the hud, where I wanted to implement the actual board and revealing and placing tiles first so I put it off till afterwards and it led to it being akwwardly placed into the main function. So really if I were to do it again I think I would just plan it better and more specifically. 